hi this is fam dinner here I'm a b2b
marketing consultant author and the
speaker in addition to taking on client
projects I also do Mamie mentoring and
coaching with aspiring and seasoned
marketing professionals my job is to
make them look like rock stars in front
of their managers the most often asked
questions during my mentoring sessions
are how to create a salah' marketing
plan what to do so I can present
flawlessly in front of c-suite and
another one is how can i cultivate my
strategic thinking capability so guess
what I created a series of webinars to
address all these popular topics in June
I will be talking about how to create a
solid marketing plan in July is really
about how to make a presentation to
c-suite in August of course I want to
share some of my secrets with you in
terms of how you can cultivate the
strategic thinking capability if you are
interested in any of these webinars
please go to Camden accom click on
webinars under the resources tab and you
can register from there like I said I
want to share a lot of my approach
templates and the tips with you if you
can come that would be great I would
love to see you there take care